Adding Blurb on maintenance of Human readable capability documentation (#52)
HL7/cds-hooks: input/pagecontent/index.md

#### Cards
Decision support is then returned to the CDS Client in the form of [_cards_](#cds-service-response), which the CDS Client MAY display to the end-user as part of their workflow. Cards may be informational, or they may provide suggestions that the user may accept or reject they may provide a [link](#link) to additional information or even launch a SMART app when additional user interaction is required.

### Capability Documentation

> CDS Clients and Services SHOULD supply and maintain publicly available, human-readable documentation that outlines all CDS Hooks functionality they support. Acceptable formats include implementation guides, conformance statements, or other integration manuals, and such material is encouraged to incorporate rich text, images, and links to external resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Towards the goal of enabling capability discovery at design time -- CDS Clients and Services are encouraged to provide publicly available, human-readable documentation describing supported CDS Hooks functionality. Documentation of specific supported use-cases and workflows for CDS Hooks is particularly valuable. 
```
